INTRODUCTION
============

David Nichol's Business Management Application offers a straightforward UX with a barebones GUI targeted at managing and storing the information that businesses need to track. It can be easily expanded or altered to include key features of each individual user.

Current features
----------------
 * Inserting blocks of information into a database is done through links from the left side of home page to a page specific to the information being added to the database. If any field is empty when the form is submitted, it will render an error page stating that information was missing.
 * Querying the database is done through links found on the right side of the home page to a page specific to which database is being queried. The page currently displays a button and two navigation buttons on the bottom. Clicking the main button queries the database and renders all of the information from the database.

Upcoming features
-----------------
 * Further restrict database entries to validate that the information being entered is properly formatted such as emails having an "@" and ".com" or phone numbers having autogenerated "(###) ###-####" formatting.
 * Create functionality that allows targeted queries to be set before the user hits the button which will then display only the categories and entries relevent to the query in any order specified by user.


INSTALLATION
============
Installation is not necessary.


CONFIGURATION
=============
To access the application, 
    1 go to https://ide.goorm.io 
    2 click "Sign In"
    3 paste "personnot40@gmail.com" into the email box
    4 paste "Github1!" into password (case sensitive)     
    5 click "Dashboard" at the top of the screen
    6 go to "Shared containers(1)" and click "Run"
    7 click the "Test" button found on the toolbar 
    8 press the enter key
    9 then click the "Deploy" button
    10 finally, visit this url https://david-nichol-app-project.run.goorm.io/



TROUBLESHOOTING
===============
 * If a POST request crashes the app, repeat step 7 of installation 
 * If the app doesn't work at the given link, then repeat step 9 of installation 
